Prepare v1.18.0 release (#3947)
FerretDB/FerretDB: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD024 MD034 -->

## [v1.18.0](https://github.com/FerretDB/FerretDB/releases/tag/v1.18.0) (2024-01-08)

### What's Changed

#### Capped collections

This release adds support for capped collections.

> They can be created as usual using `create` command.
> Both `max` (maximum number of documents) and `size` (maximum collection size in bytes) arguparametersments are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can be created as usual using the `create` command.
Both `max` (maximum number of documents) and `size` (maximum collection size in bytes) arguments are supported.
```

Author: Fixed

#### Tailable cursors

This release adds support for tailable cursors.
Both `tailable` and `awaitData` parameters are supported.

#### OpLog tailing

This release adds support for the basic OpLog functionality.
The main supported use case is Meteor's OpLog tailing.
Replication is not supported yet.

> It is not enabled by default; to enable it, create a capped collection `oplog.rs` in the `local` database.

Reviewer: Maybe this helps clarity:

```suggestion
OpLog tailing is not enabled by default; to enable it, create a capped collection `oplog.rs` in the `local` database.
```

Author: Rewrote the whole sentence (technically, it is not even "OpLog _tailing_")
